docs: Create creating-a-local-cache-of-open-food-facts-data.md (#10308)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: docs/reference/api-tutorials/creating-a-local-cache-of-open-food-facts-data.md

Open Food Facts Local Caching: A Tutorial
-----------------------------------------

> Open Food Facts (OFF) offers a rich dataset of food product information. Creating a local cache can enhance performance and enable offline access for your applications. This tutorial will guide you through the process, considerations, and best practices.

Author: ```suggestion
Open Food Facts (OFF) offers a rich dataset of food product information. Creating a local cache can enhance performance for your heavy-duty applications. This tutorial will guide you through the process, considerations, and best practices.
```
